[♪♪♪]
Jeannie?
Uh, Jeannie?
Good morning, master.
Good morning, Jeannie.
Oh...
I cannot imagine
why I'm so sleepy.
I can.
You exhausted yourself making
that dinner last night.
Ah, did you enjoy it?
It was one of the best meals
I ever had in my life.
What was it?
We had caviar and champagne,
Mm-hm.
uh, duck a l'orange...
Mm-hm. Pomme soufflé.
Pomme soufflé, that's right,
and, uh, for desert, uh--
Crepes Suzette.
Crepes Suzette, oh,
they were wonderful.
You know, it'd take me
a month's salary
to pay for a meal
like that.
Ah...
Jeannie, before you came,
my food bills used
to be ridiculous.
Now, take the market bill
I got this morning for example.
In the old days,
it would have been...
Oh, I don't know,
around 100 dollars,
and now it's only
$1047 and 63...
One thousand dollars?
Oh, yes, master.
That is for the banquets
you have been having all week.
But I-I thought you just,
you know...
Well, sometimes.
But usually I just shop
at the corner grocer
where you have
your charge account.
Well, there is a little
Persian market I know of,
but the meat there
is very tough.
Why didn't you
tell me this before?
About the Persian market?
Well, I didn't think you--
No, no, no, no, no.
I don't think you realize
what you've done, Jeannie.
You see, Roger was gonna
come over and pick me up,
and we were gonna go down
and buy a sailboat
that we'd had
our eyes on, but--
Well, now, I just
can't afford it.
Well how much is
the sailboat, master?
Well, it's 1000 dollars
more than I've got.
Ha-ha-ha!
[WIND GUSTING]
Hey! Oh!
Anchors away!
[LAUGHS]
Do you like it,
master?
[♪♪♪]
ROGER:
Oh, boy!
Fine friend you are.
You went out and bought
the boat without me.
Why didn't you wait
for me?
Huh? What'd you say?
Jeannie, would you
turn the wind off?
[WIND STOPS]
Thank you.
What'd you say, Roger?
I said, "You went out
and bought the boat without me.
Why didn't you wait for me?"
Well, I didn't wait for you
because this is not my boat.
You just brought
this over on approval?
Yeah, well--
Would you get rid of it?
Oh, get rid of it?
G-get rid--
It's beautiful.
Would you like another color?
I'd like another boat.
What's the matter
with this one?
Nothing, Roger,
except it's not mine.
Ours.
Uh, Jeannie, you see,
I-- I don't want anybody
to give me a boat.
The fun of having something like
this is-- Is working for it.
And saving for it.
And then buying it.
I know exactly what you mean,
and that's a wonderful spirit.
Uh, I'll tell you what,
Jeannie.
I'll-- I'll take the boat,
but I'd like a few changes.
I thought we could
have a swimming pool--
Would you get rid
of it.
No, no--
[LAUGHS]
Oh, well.
I get seasick anyway.
Shall we go down
and pick out our boat?
I can't.
You can't?
Wait a minute.
You said we were
gonna go partners.
Sixteen hundred dollars
a piece on a boat.
Yeah, I--
I know, Roger.
[CHUCKLING]
I don't have the money.
Well, what did you
do with it?
I ate it.
Sometimes I think Bellows
is right about you.
There you are, master.
What is it?
Oh, well, Jeannie.
No, no, no.
I don't think you understood
what I was trying to say.
You see, I like to work
for what I get.
Well, I'll just take that
and be running along.
Well, easy come, easy go.
Oh, I just remembered!
I invited a lot of people
to go sailing this weekend.
Well, I'm sorry, Roge,
there's just nothing I--
Well, what's the matter with me?
I can borrow the money.
Where would you borrow
the money, master?
At a bank.
That's what they're for.
Oh, no. No, master,
I cannot let you do that.
Why not?
Because!
If you do not repay the loan,
they will cut off your ears.
Who told you that?
Earless Abdul.
Earless Abdul?
He did not become earless
until he failed to repay a loan
at the First National Bank
of Pompeii.
Nothing's gonna happen.
Hm, that is what Earless said
before he became earless.
Look, I'm going to the bank,
I'm gonna get the loan,
Roger and I
will buy the sailboat,
and then I'll pay the bank back
in monthly installments.
I still do not like it.
Jeannie...
Look, I-I thought,
before I leave,
could I just see
the boat once more?
Certainly.
Oh, well.
It's not my color anyway.
You, uh--?
You coming?
No, I'll meet you
at the base.
I'm gonna stop off
at the bank on the way down.
Master? May I go
to the bank with you?
I have never seen
a Cocoa Beach Bank.
Well, sure.
Sure, you can.
Well, look, I guess
I better be running along.
I'll, uh--
I'll see you two later.
Look, do me a favor,
will you?
Dr. Bellows.
Oh, forgive me
for barging in, major, I--
That's a boat
in your living room.
[STAMMERING]
Yes.
Yes, that's exactly
what it is, sir, a boat.
Uh, last week, there was
a apple tree there.
Well, you know
the old saying,
"An apple a day
keeps the doctor--"
Now, it's a boat.
Yeah.
I don't believe we've met.
Oh...
This is Pedro.
[SWEDISH ACCENT]
I been happy to meet you,
Dr. Bellows.
Pedro?
Pedro Sven.
I didn't know
you had a boat, major.
Yeah, well,
it's not mine.
He's just showing it to me.
Yah.
It's just the right thing
to the ocean.
I suppose you have
some explanation
for this boat being
in your living room.
Yeah, well, it was too big
for the bedroom.
It's going to be another one
of those weeks, isn't it, major?
Sir?
Well, I was hoping
that this week, you'd...
Oh, never mind.
One of these days, Major Nelson.
One of these days.
[♪♪♪]
"Too big for the bedroom."
Sven, would you get
the boat out now?
If you want me to, master.
Yah, I want you to.
I am ready for
the Cocoa Beach Bank, master.
But is the Cocoa Beach Bank
ready for you?
Yes, sir,
can I help you?
I'd like to speak to somebody
about taking out a loan.
Yes, Mr. Wilfred
will take care of you.
If you'll
just sit down a moment.
Thanks.
We'll be very happy
to help you, madam.
Our greatest joy in life
is seeing that wonderful look
on people's faces
when we give them loans.
Oh, thank you.
You see?
There's nothing to it.
Hm!
What is the purpose
of this loan?
Well, you see, my husband died
and left me without a penny.
A penniless widow.
Excuse me, but that's--
That's heartbreaking.
If I could borrow
70 dollars,
I could buy a secondhand sewing
machine and take in sewing.
That is the spirit
that built this great country.
Here you are, madam.
Just make a list
of your cash securities
and real estate holdings.
But I haven't any.
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
WIDOW:
That's right.
But I'll work my fingers
to the bone to pay you back.
I have three young children
to support.
Three young children.
Yes.
You see, what'd I tell ya?
I do not like him.
I'm sorry, madam, but I'm afraid
you've mistaken us
for the charitable institution.
We do not make loans
without first-class security.
You mean you won't help me?
Now, I didn't say that, madam.
Of course we'll help you.
You see?
You come back here
some other time
when you have some property
or blue chip securities.
I will be glad
to arrange a loan.
He is exactly like the man
who took care of Earless Abdul.
WILFRED:
Next!
[♪♪♪]
Well, what can I do for you
this lovely day, general?
Uh, major.
Major.
I-I want to discuss
taking out a loan.
That's what I'm here for.
You know my motto?
"Money can buy you happiness."
And I am here to make you happy.
What's this loan for?
I want to buy a boat.
Ah, the briny deep,
the seven seas, Moby Dick
and all that sort of thing.
How much is this boat?
It's $3200, but I'm buying it
with a friend of mine,
so it'll
only be $1600 a piece.
WILFRED:
Is that all?
Think of all the hours of
pleasure you can have for $1600.
Well, I have thought about it,
and that's the reason I wanna
discuss taking out a loan.
I'm $1000 short.
A thousand dollars?
Yes.
Tell me, lieutenant...
Major.
Major?
Yeah.
How much real estate do you own?
None.
I have a house, but it's got
a mortgage on it.
But you do have securities.
No.
No wonder you want a boat.
You want to escape from poverty.
Well, I do have
a bank account here.
Well, why didn't you say so?
You're one of the family.
You know, I hate making loans
to strangers,
but I do love making loans
to one of our big depositors.
Oh, I'm not
a big depositor, I--
How much do you have
in your accounts?
It's just one account.
A Christmas fund account.
Christmas fund account?
Yes. Oh, I think
I have about $600 in it.
Six hundred dollars?
And you want to borrow
a thousand?
Let us go.
Jeannie, there's not gonna
be any trouble with the loan.
But I can give you
everything you need.
She's a very close friend.
Oh, don't apologize.
You'd be surprised how much
of that goes on at Cocoa Beach.
Mr. Wilfred, I, um--
I do have a steady job.
So I see.
Your name?
Anthony Nelson.
Not the astronaut?
Yes, that's right.
Well, I don't know.
We've never made a loan
to an astronaut before.
It would be very interesting
trying to get our money back
if you went up there and...
Excuse me a moment.
I think I'll check
on your account.
I do not like
that man, master.
He reminds me of the one
who took care of Earless.
Don't worry, Jeannie.
All he can do is say no,
and I'll just have to get along
without the boat for a while.
I will
be right back, master.
I am going to look around
the bank a little.
Jeannie?
Mm?
Don't get into any trouble.
Of course not, master.
[♪♪♪]
Well, Wilfred.
And how's it going?
Splendidly, Mr. Melnick.
I'm on my seventh turndown
this morning.
This one's an astronaut.
He wants to borrow $1000.
And all he has in his Christmas
fund account is $3,000,614.
Three million, six hundred
and fourteen dollars?
MELNICK:
And you're going
to turn him down for a loan?
Certainly not, Mr. Melnick.
Give him anything
he wants.
Yes, Mr. Melnick!
We mustn't let
a man like that
borrow only $1000,
must we, Mr. Melnick?
Excuse me, sir.
Sorry to have
kept you waiting, general.
Major.
Oh, you'll be a general.
I have a feeling
in my bones.
Well, thank you.
Now, about the loan,
if it's not too much trouble--
Trouble? Why, it's an honor
to do business with you, sir.
Suppose we just fill out
this form for $100,000,
payable at your convenience.
A hundred thousand--
No, no, no, I don't need
$100,000 dollars,
I just need $1000.
Take the hundred thousand,
master.
"Master."
You don't see that kind
of respect anymore, do you?
Really, $100,000 is too much.
I just need 1000.
Well, suppose you decide
to buy a larger boat,
or take on a few accessories.
A seaplane on board, perhaps?
No, no, really.
This is just
a little sailboat.
Well, it could be
a little bigger one,
couldn't it, major general?
Let's make this
out for $150,000.
Take it, master.
Let us go.
Well, what would I use
for security?
Your face.
[GASPS]
I knew it.
He wants your face.
That is worse than
what happened to Earless.
Please, let us
give you $200,000.
But I-I don't need $200,000.
Sir, if you're so anxious
to loan money,
why don't you loan money
to the poor widow
that was just in here?
Is that what you want?
Well, it'd be very nice.
How much shall we give her?
I don't know.
A thousand dollars?
WILFRED:
A nice round figure.
She'll have the money
this afternoon.
Now, just sign here,
and we'll have the money
sent over to you
by special messenger.
Well, that's certainly
very nice of you.
If we can ever be of any help
to you, general, day or night,
you just don't hesitate
to call on us.
Let us go, master.
Thank you very much.
I-It was most pleasant.
I told ya-- I told ya
it would be easy.
Sir, the second window.
Oh, Mr. Wilfred?
Yes, Mr. Melnick?
How much did
Major Nelson borrow?
Well, I'm sorry, Mr. Melnick,
but he only borrowed $1000.
I tried to get him
to take $200,000,
but he wouldn't accept it.
I can't understand it.
A man with $3,000,000
in his Christmas fund
wanting to borrow $1000.
[♪♪♪]
Uh, excuse me,
gentlemen.
Good morning,
Dr. Bellows.
Mr. Wilfred.
Good morning.
Doctor.
Did you say
that Major Anthony Nelson
has $3,000,000 in
his Christmas fund account?
Yes, indeed.
And he borrowed
some money?
Well, just $1000.
Perhaps you could talk to him
and persuade him to borrow more.
I'll talk to him,
all right.
Thank you,
Dr. Bellows.
It's going
to be my pleasure.
Excuse me.
I got the loan without
losing my ears, didn't I?
Hm. Yes, master.
And I got the loan
without your help.
Y-yes, master.
You know, I've been thinking
of buying a new car.
Uh, maybe I'll negotiate
another little loan.
I do not think I would do that
if I were you, master.
Mm... Hm? I know how
to handle these people
much better
than you do, really.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
I think that's Roger.
Oh...
Oh, Jeannie, I wish
you wouldn't do that.
Oh, I'm sorry, Major Healey.
Jeannie, next time you let him
walk up the flight of stairs.
What happened at the bank?
Get your loan?
Oh, there's nothing to it.
They couldn't do enough for me.
Really? I've been trying
to borrow money there
for two years.
Well, next time you go in,
just mention, uh,
that you're a friend of mine.
ROGER:
That's funny.
We make the same amount
of money.
Boy, you must have something
that I don't have.
Oh, Major Nelson is very good
at handling people.
Yeah, hey, look, let's go over
and pick out our boat, okay?
Do you know
the loveliest boat
I ever saw
was Cleopatra's barge.
No kidding. Really?
ROGER:
I'd love to have seen that.
Well, we better get going.
I'll see you tonight, Jeannie.
Okay.
And, uh, no blinking.
I'll walk down, okay?
[♪♪♪]
Hey, here's a beauty.
Wow! Look
at that spinnaker.
TONY:
Yeah, it's also $5000.
Roge, we've only got 3200.
I'm ready
to go sailing, master.
Hi.
We don't have
the boat yet, Jeannie.
Say...
That's a cute outfit.
Yeah.
Do you like it?
Jeannie!
You look darling.
Major Nelson, I...
Well, I'll see you
later, Tony.
Stay right where you are,
Major Healey.
Major, what do you think
you're dressed for?
Uh, this is, uh--
Well, it's for sailing, sir.
The sailing number
in the Christmas show
that Roger and I
are rehearsing.
What show?
Oh, that show.
You talkin'.
You're rehearsing for
a Christmas show in August?
Yeah, well,
these things take time.
Hm. Has anyone left you
a large sum of money recently?
No, sir.
Good.
Major Nelson, I want you to wait
right here, do you understand?
Right here.
Oh, quick thinking.
"What show?"
Oh, very good.
Jeannie!
Oh, nice work.
I am sorry, master,
but in Greece,
the warriors wore skirts,
and in Scotland, the men
wear kilts all the time--
Yeah, but this is Cocoa Beach,
and Dr. Bellows, well, uh...
Why did he ask me if I'd been
left a large sum of money?
He's wearing a sweater
and a skirt
and has $3,000,000
in his Christmas fund?
That's right, general.
Doctor, have you
been analyzed recently?
Oh, general.
This time, Major Nelson
won't get away with it.
His money is in
the Cocoa Beach City Bank,
and he's in his office.
Dr. Bellows, if this is another
one of your wild hallucinations,
you're going through
psychoanalysis again.
Gladly.
That's good.
Hm.
While we were at the bank,
you didn't do anything, did you?
Do what?
Well, if I knew,
I wouldn't be asking you.
Why would anybody
wanna lend me $200,000?
You mean they wanted
to lend you $200,000,
and you didn't accept it?
Jeannie, what did
you do at the bank?
I-if I tell you,
you will not be angry with me?
Me, angry? Me?
Why would I get angry?
I've never seen a girl--
Who are you talking to,
Major Nelson?
Oh, uh, we were
just rehearsing, sir.
You know, the Christmas play?
You-- You've got
the next line, Roge.
My line next?
Oh, goodbye.
Just a moment, major.
You said he was
in a skirt and sweater.
Well, obviously
he changed clothes, general.
I can't wait to hear him explain
away the money in his account.
Oh, oh, is that all--?
[CHUCKLING]
Is that all
you're worried about?
Well?
Oh, yes. Well, I started
the account last January,
and every week I stick a certain
amount of money in there,
and it all adds up, you know.
To $3,000,614?
Three million, six hundred...
BELLOWS:
And this time you can't blame it
on any Christmas play.
The money is in
the bank, and it's yours.
Now, would you like
to explain it now?
Or at your court-martial, major?
Well, I-- I can't
explain it, sir.
I don't have $3,000,000.
The bank says you do.
Well, there's only one way
to find out.
We'll all go down there
right now.
After you, major.
[♪♪♪]
I have done it to him again.
Wilfred?
Yes, Mr. Melnick?
This is Mr. Peterfy,
the federal auditor.
How do you do,
Mr. Peterfy?
Mr. Peterfy wants
to ask you a question.
Always delighted
to answer questions.
Mr. Melnick tells us
that you said
that one of your savings club
depositors had an account
containing $3,000,000.
Yes, Major Nelson.
I made him a loan
this morning, personally.
Mr. Wilfred, if Major Nelson
has $3,000,000 in his account,
this bank is $3,000,000 short.
Three million dollars short?
PETERFY:
That is correct.
We've tracked it down
to your department.
I'm sure you don't think
that I-I-I--
I mean to say,
you don't suspect that I...
But I didn't take it.
That money is in Major Nelson's
Christmas account.
Here it is.
Six hundred
and fourteen dollars.
What?
B-but I saw it here myself.
With management like this,
I think I shall have to audit
your books from top to bottom.
A three million dollar mistake.
That must be
a new world's record.
There's Mr. Wilfred.
He'll tell you.
BELLOWS:
Oh, Mr. Wilfred?
This is General Peterson.
And you know Major Nelson.
I certainly do.
Mr. Wilfred,
I want to talk to you
about Major Nelson's
Christmas account.
Do you really?
Will you please tell
the general
how much Major Nelson
has in that account?
I'd be delighted.
He's got $614.
BELLOWS:
That's a mistake.
I'm talking about
Major Nelson's account.
I don't know what you're trying
to pull, Dr. Bellows.
But swindling a bank is
a federal offense.
Me? Swindler?
You told me
he had $3,000,000.
Yeah, well, he hasn't.
And about that loan, major,
you better come up
with some security.
This isn't the Salvation Army,
you know.
Doctor.
No, sir.
This time I'm not going
to back down.
Somewhere in this bank
is $3,000,000
belonging to Major Nelson, and I
demand to know where he got it.
Doctor, I think I found
that $3,000,000.
Good. I knew it.
Let me have it as evidence.
May I see that, sir?
Well, Dr. Bellows,
this is your card.
Mine? That's impossible.
I can start my analysis
in the morning.
[♪♪♪]
Jeannie?
Jeannie, it's all right,
you can come out.
Are you sure you are
not angry with me, master?
Millionaires don't get angry,
Jeannie.
I'm sorry about that.
But I was only trying
to be helpful.
Trying to be helpful.
Yeah, I know.
Yes, master.
I must say,
it was kind of fun
thinking I had $3,000,000
in the bank.
That's all right,
I'm perfectly happy
with things the way they are.
Yes, master.
Hi.
Well, how's my friend,
the millionaire?
I'm fine, Roge.
Hey, did you hear
what happened
to poor Dr. Bellows?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, at least one nice thing
came out of this.
That poor widow will be able
to buy a sewing machine now.
Oh, I do not think she's going
to need one, master.
Why not?
I believe she has a beautiful,
little dress shop of her own.
Oh, that's wonderful,
Jeannie.
You can buy
all your clothes there.
That's funny.
Oh, you're funny.
I kind of like you
in skirts.
Are we gonna buy
the boat, or aren't we?
We're gonna have to wait.
I had to give the loan
back to the bank.
That is terrible.
I will take that bank
and tear it apart!
No, don't do anything.
They're in business
to make money.
That's their business.
I doubt if Mr. Wilfred
has ever been at sea.
He looks like he's never
been out of the bank before.
Boy, if he could feel
the rolling deck of a ship
beneath his feet and feel the
wind and the spray on his face,
he'd maybe know
what he was missing.
I do not think he is ready
for that yet, master.
Maybe we ought to start
him off on a raft.
[♪♪♪]
TONY & ROGER:
Jeannie! Jeannie!
ROGER:
Get us off!
[♪♪♪]